
“This is me helping Lisbell have some fun.”

 

“Ung, ah…i Ah, Ah…!”

 

He relentlessly played with Lisbell’s insides as she desperately tried to escape.

 

When she curled up on her side, he continued his actions by lifting one of her overlapping legs. Eventually, he removed two fingers, leaving only his longest middle finger to stir the murky liquid flowing below.

 

“Ah, ah… ugh…!”

 

Caught in a near ecstasy, Lisbell reached a trembling climax.

 

As soon as she came, Ulrich withdrew his finger, which had been twisted so erratically it defied rhythm. An opaque liquid trailed down his fingertip.

 

“Haa, ha…”

 

Her vision blurred, her mind shattered.

 

The lingering pleasure left all over her body pushed her deeper into a twisted guilt.

 

Every time she did this with Ulrich and felt it intensely, Theodore’s face would come to mind.

 

It felt like committing adultery.

 

She couldn’t stop crying when suddenly her waist was grabbed, and she was dragged, face down, onto the sheets.

 

The strength spreading her buttocks revealed an unseen lust.

 

An insatiable, grotesque sexual appetite.

 

A terrible sensation of a slippery, massive volume slowly pushing into her cleft.

 

Lisbell buried her tear-streaked face in her arm and quietly wiped away her tears.

 

Opening her weary eyelids, Lisbell realized she had fallen asleep. Curled up in the middle of the bed without a pillow, she blinked sleepily.

 

Just then, the sound of water from beyond ceased.

 

Soon after, Ulrich, with a nightgown over his sculpted naked body, appeared, running his hand through wet hair.

 

“Did you wake up?”

 



 

“You were sleeping so quietly, I thought you might be dead.”

 

Ulrich, making a statement that seemed like a joke, nonchalantly approached the drink table in the bedroom.

 

He always had a whiskey after sex. Though, it seemed not just because of sex. He appeared to be a drinker. Eventually, she found out that there were drink tables with decanters scattered throughout the villa.

 

Today too, he filled his glass generously and took a sip before turning back to the bed.

 

Seeing him, Lisbell pushed away the loosely covered blanket and tried to sit up. The idea that she had slept soundly here felt absurd.

 

Having just woken up, she intended to return to her own bedroom but couldn’t manage it. Every action, from bracing herself on the sheets to lifting her torso and properly sitting down, was more exhausting than she had imagined.

 

The pain from the sex might have subsided, but the lingering muscle soreness was still there. Honestly, she felt too weak to even move a finger. Thinking about returning to her bedroom on another floor made her sigh.

 

More than returning, she wanted to wash away his remnants on her body. When she touched her abdomen to pull off the blanket, she felt something sticky. As soon as she wiped it with her palm, she knew what it was.

 

It was Ulrich’s semen.

 

She remembered it vividly. She had fallen asleep during the act, so he had ejaculated all over her body as if in frustration.

 

Her entire body felt dirty with traces of fatigue and bodily fluids. But she was so exhausted that she couldn’t do anything about it. Even though she was awake, she felt like she was still wandering in a dream.

 

“Want a drink?”

 

Ulrich, watching her from a tilted stance, shook his empty crystal glass.

 

Lisbell touched her lips.

 

It was strange. She hadn’t been conscious of it a moment ago, but the mention of a drink made her want to rinse her mouth. It felt as if the semen he had discharged into her was still filling her mouth.

 

She wanted to run to the bathroom and rinse, but in her current state, even that seemed impossible.

 

Besides, would water be enough to rid her of this taste?

 

She thought it might be better to use the high-proof alcohol, so Lisbell nodded slightly.

 

He poured the crystal glass generously. The sound of pouring filled the quiet bedroom. The space that had been filled with her moans and his breath always felt awkward.

 

Lisbell took the glass he handed her.

 

As soon as she carefully swallowed a sip, she started coughing violently.

 

Lisbell grabbed her throat. It was just a sip. Yet it felt like her esophagus was burning. She had heard whiskey was strong but hadn’t imagined it would taste this harsh.

 

The glass slipped from her grasp and rolled off the bed, spilling its contents and wetting the floor. Ulrich looked at the spill and then at Lisbell, who was still coughing with a flushed face, and burst into laughter.

 

“…ugh…!”

 

The next moment, he pounced on the bed.

 

As his damp blonde hair rustled, Lisbell’s body had already crumpled. He had jumped on her and hugged her tightly.

 

Lisbell felt like dying in a different way.

 

Her whole body already ached as if trampled, and now, on top of the effect of the strong liquor, being pinned down by a much larger man left her disoriented.

 

But her dismay was brief; Lisbell wriggled to escape his embrace.

 

“Let go, let me go. I need to go back to my room….”

 

“Why not stay here tonight? You look too weak to even get up.”

 

Lisbell opened her mouth but then closed it firmly.

 

From her experiences, she knew he was very stubborn. Once he decided on something, he would make sure to see it through. He might say she could do as she wished, but the reality was different. She already saw him in a negative light.

 

Dragging her tired body into an argument, risking another session starting, would be bad for her. She was so exhausted that she could fall asleep immediately if she closed her eyes.

 

I must smell right now….

 

Unlike Ulrich, who had cleaned up, she hadn’t even gotten rid of the sweat accumulated overnight. Falling asleep during sex meant she wasn’t in a clean state.

 

Thinking about it briefly, she changed her mind.

 

Lisbell remembered the repayment contract he had handed her in the parlor. He had proposed replacing her debt with sexual intercourse, specifying the term clearly.

 

The period extended to late summer, almost the end of autumn.

 

Seeing that, Lisbell realized clearly that contrary to his words about not interfering with her marriage to Theodore, he was intent on ruining it. Otherwise, there would be no reason to keep her until late summer.

 

“The period written there could change.”

 



 

“If I get tired of you before then, the contract will end there.”

 

His nonchalant comment while holding a cigarette had struck her deeply. For her, a situation shaking the foundation of her life was just a whim for him, ending whenever he got bored.

 

Was he telling her to have hope or to sink into despair?

 

His words left her uncertain.

 

Ultimately, both despair and hope remained for Lisbell. The nightly endurance was despair, while hope was naturally….

 

[- What do you mean, Lisbell? Postpone the wedding?]

 

When she signed the contract, she didn’t cry. But tears welled up when she called Theodore.

 

Listening to his urgent voice on the other end, Lisbell couldn’t respond immediately. Leaning against the wall, hearing him ask what happened made her feel choked up.

 

All she wanted was to marry Theodore.

 

But why had things turned out this way? Lisbell felt confused and overwhelmed, fearing she might never escape this maze. By the time she realized, her face was already drenched in tears.


Chapter 43.


Drip, drip.

 

I lifted my head hurriedly after only watching the traces of falling droplets on the floor. Theodore’s insistent questioning, sensing something was wrong from my lack of response, demanded my attention.

 

[What’s going on? Are you in trouble? If you’re in Marnia right now, I’ll come to you. Lisbell. Let’s meet and talk.]

 

“No.”

 

[No?]

 

“Don’t come, Theo. You… there’s no need for you to come here.”

 

Swoosh~

 

Guilt stirred again, like a mischief.

 

What started as a small seed had grown to the size of a fist, pounding relentlessly against Lisbell’s heart.

 

[No need…?]

 

Such words born from that kind of heart only led to awkward misunderstandings.

 

Lisbell bit and released her lips as she listened to his reaction over the receiver.

 

Even in this moment, intense dilemmas flooded her mind.

 

Should I tell Theodore everything?

 

Should I tell him that this is happening to me, that the current situation is such that I cannot leave Marnia, that my mother’s life is tied to that man, and that I cannot irresponsibly abandon her to return to you…?

 

Her fingers gripping the receiver turned pale.

 

Soon, a dry laugh slipped quietly.

 

What If I tell him?

 

If I tell him, will all this misfortune that has come to me be resolved?

 

No.

 

Of course, if it were Theodore, he would surely step in wholeheartedly. If I told him I was held hostage for my mother’s surgery costs, he would help with all he had, even if it meant using the funds meant for the wedding. But even if he stepped in, the wedding would still have to be postponed.

 

Even if we managed to repay my mother’s surgery costs and secure our livelihood, what about after that?

 

The repayment contract Ulrich presented included all hospitalization fees for the specified period. The price for her being in his bed was that high. The thought that her mother’s future treatment costs would not be insignificant kept her from stopping such self-destructive judgments.

 

Misfortune doesn’t lessen when shared. It only increases the burden, creating two hardships instead of one. Comforting herself would be brief, but the heavy reality would continue to tighten its grip.

 

That’s why misfortune is called misfortune.

 

Lisbell thought it was enough for her alone to tumble within this misfortune. She loved Theodore too much to drag him further in.

 

In reality, she knew well that, for his sake, she should be asking for a breakup to prevent him from getting hurt any further.

 

But she couldn’t bring herself to do it.

 

Now, this was the only hope she could hold onto…

 

If even this were gone, she wouldn’t be able to endure her time in this villa. Even if it was merely a result of her selfishness, without that small straw, she had nothing else to grasp…

 

“Sorry, Theo. I’ll explain everything later. I’d like to postpone the wedding date to winter.”

 

Her selfishness manifested so clearly. Even if it seemed difficult, she couldn’t utter the words suggesting a breakup. She was fully aware that Theodore might end up disappointed in her and take such a step himself, but still…

 

In truth, she knew Theodore wouldn’t do that.

 

Since she was the one who loved him the most, having known him to always be kind and gentle.

 

That phone call was her last contact with Theodore.

 

And two weeks had passed since then.

 

Lisbell recalled the phone call she ended without hearing an answer and shivered. A strong arm pulled her back firmly by the waist. Ulrich’s gestures were always like this. Whenever he wanted something, he had to pull it right in front of him, never hiding his rudeness.

 

If he were someone who understood such things, he wouldn’t have put her in such trouble in the first place. This method had been ingrained in Ulrich since childhood.

 

“Lisbell, your hair is tangled again.”

 

Ulrich, who was hugging her warmly from behind, buried his face in Lisbell’s ashen hair, tickling her skin.

 

“It tangles so easily.”

 



 

“Is it because it’s thin and wavy…”

 

He pointed out her flaws, but his actions were contrary. He swayed his face leisurely as if enjoying something pleasant.

 

Lisbell closed her eyes, ignoring his warm breath on the back of her head. She wanted to fall asleep like this, but she was bothered by Ulrich constantly stroking her flat lower abdomen with his broad palm. She had an uneasy feeling that it would soon change its demeanor and threaten her.

 

“Do you know the large farm in Crimpford?”

 

So, she couldn’t easily fall asleep, and Ulrich suddenly asked. Lisbell didn’t answer. It seemed he wasn’t expecting a reply as he continued nonchalantly.

 

“When I was a child, my father took me there to broaden my horizons.”

 



 

“I didn’t expect much, but the farm’s scale was impressive. The green fields stretched endlessly to the horizon.”

 

Her head felt heavy and dizzy. Could a single sip of whiskey make her drunk? Lisbell curled up inwardly. Ulrich persistently stuck to the back of her head, following her like a caterpillar. Occasionally, he stretched out his arms and pulled her curly hair.

 

“While my father was meeting the farm owner, I wandered around, exploring the outdoors. Do you know what amazed me the most?”

 

I don’t know.

 

And I don’t want to.

 

One sip had made her mind feel loose, while this man’s pronunciation and speech were perfectly intact. Was this rambling a drunken behavior? I don’t know. I just don’t want to know.

 

“It was the cotton field. It was a hot season like now, and the cotton bolls were in full bloom.”

 



 

“The white bolls looked as if snow had fallen in summer.”

 

What he said kept reminding her of someone, making it harder to kill her consciousness.

 

Theodore, who was born as the son of a textile factory owner. He, too, often talked about the farms and cotton fields in his hometown, just like Ulrich was doing now.

 

Thinking of Theodore while being entwined naked with another man on the bed made her feel disgusted with herself.

 

“Lisbell’s hair feels like the cotton bolls I held then.”

 



 

“It’s a cute texture…”

 

The slight intoxication and the heavy drowsiness combined, and her mind was completely dazed. She wished the sound would slowly fade, but unfortunately, everything was clearly audible. It was exhausting.

 

The words she just heard were something Theodore had once said.

 

He had told her that her naturally curly hair often tangled and was annoying to manage, but he found it cute like a cloud. Her fiancé had once uttered such ticklish words.

 

Now, hearing Ulrich dirty those words Theodore had once said, while mentioning things that reminded her of Theodore, made her feel cursed.

 

Her loosening mind gradually lost strength.

 

Just before falling asleep, she envisioned Theodore’s radiant smile towards her like the sun. In her fading consciousness, she ran into his arms.

 

A mirage-like sensation that would disappear the moment she grasped it.

 



 

Swoosh-

 

Twisting both ends of a soaked towel, water droplets fell refreshingly. Lisbell, who watched it silently, folded the towel twice, leaving it with just enough moisture. Then, she carefully wiped her mother’s arm that was sticking out from under the blanket.

 

If only her mother’s eyelids would flutter even once, she would have no more wishes, but her mother’s face remained as serene as always, continuing her quiet sleep.

 

After the surgery, Mrs. Osborne had been transported to this villa the moment Lisbell signed the contract. Now, in this cozy bedroom, she received lavish care beyond their means.

 

Under normal circumstances, such expensive medicine being administered morning and night, and the personal physician of the Altahart family coming to Marnia to check on her daily, would be unimaginable.

 

But even in such a perfect environment, her mother showed no sign of waking up. Lisbell’s days passed by caring for her mother. Except for the times when Ulrich summoned her to his bedroom, she spent all her time here.



Lisbell stared blankly at her mother, who lay as if only her body remained, devoid of her soul.

 

“…Mother.”

 

Knowing there would be no response, she still opened her mouth. Her parched and cracked voice, a testament to her broken expectations, echoed in the beautiful yet desolate room before fading away.

 

Lisbell hesitated again as she moved her hand, which had paused for a moment.

 

Why didn’t you tell me?

 

If her mother were to regain consciousness, that was the first question she wanted to ask. It simmered with many emotions.

 

There was guilt for not recognizing the condition of her only family member, relief that her mother had survived in some way, and, on the other hand… a thinly veiled question of why her mother hadn’t informed her earlier, leaving her to be caught like a hostage in a man’s grasp.

 

Lisbell, lost in thought, shook her head.

 

The strange thoughts made her shrink back. Almost scolding herself, she diligently continued to clean her mother’s body.

 

Her mother’s frame, usually hidden beneath clothes, was emaciated. It was like a fragile straw that couldn’t withstand the harsh winter winds.

 

Lisbell bit the inside of her cheek and quickly pulled down her mother’s dress.

 

After making a round of the bed to clean her mother, she sat back in the chair. She hung the now dry towel over the basin and picked up a book she had taken from the study.

 

Opening to the page she had left off, she cleared her throat. She worried that her hoarse voice from the previous night’s distress might sound unpleasant to her mother.

 

Even though her mother was unconscious, Lisbell wanted her to know she was there, so she always read aloud quietly. Today was no different. Her slightly husky voice filled the silent room like a constant background noise.

 

She was about to turn a page full of lines of text.

 

Late summer wind blew through the open window. Her loose ash-gray hair swayed gently.

 

Lisbell lifted her eyes from the book.

 

The midday sun blazed fiercely in the sky. At such moments, Lisbell often felt dazed. She was engulfed in thoughts, wondering what she was doing in such a peaceful scene.

 

Really, what am I doing now?

 

Although she was sitting upright, it felt like she was faltering like someone who had lost their balance. As she realized that the previously stifling hot wind of Marnia no longer felt so intense, she felt more disoriented.

 

The realization that the summer she had once eagerly awaited was passing by so meaninglessly deepened this feeling.

 

Knock, knock.

 

An unexpected knock approached like an unwelcome guest.

 

Lisbell hurriedly turned to the door. Ulrich, whose appearance she hadn’t noticed, was leaning against the door with his arms crossed.

 

It felt strangely surreal for him to be in her mother’s bedroom. During the week she spent caring for her mother, he had never shown his face here.

 

She didn’t know the reason, but she was just grateful. She no longer wanted to be in the same space with him and her mother. The frustration from the hospital room, which had been so brightly lit that she felt even more insignificant, still lingered deeply within her.

 

“You were here.”

 

His tone was monotonous, as if it were obvious she was there.

 

Lisbell closed the book and stood up. Even though he hadn’t completely entered the room, it felt uncomfortable for the three of them to be together.

 

“You have a visitor, Lisbell.”

As she was about to leave and ask about the visitor, Ulrich spoke first.

 

Visitor?

 

Noticing her puzzled look, he added with a smile.

 

“Theodore Motier.”

 

Lisbell’s steps halted abruptly. Ulrich tilted his head, not taking his eyes off her face. Leaning against the wooden door, he continued to smile enigmatically.

 

“Your fiancé is here.”

 

As Lisbell stood frozen in disbelief, Ulrich knocked on the door again. The knocking sound seemed like a command to snap her out of her daze.

 

Finally, Lisbell, whose vision was blurred, muttered.

 

“Theo… is here?”

 

“Yes.”

 



 

“I’ve instructed him to wait in the drawing room.”

 

Theodore was… in the drawing room, in this villa. Her fiancé was in the same city, the same area, the same building. What should have been an exciting prospect felt eerily disturbing. Lisbell unconsciously rubbed her arm.

 

“Are you going to meet him?”

 



 

“If not, I’ll send him away.”

 

“Noi”

 

She hastily grabbed Ulrich as he interpreted her silence and turned to leave.

 

“I can’t… just send him away…”

 

She quickly understood why Theodore had come all the way here. If it had been her, she would have done the same. If he had suddenly left saying he had an urgent matter and then only sent a message to postpone the wedding, she would have done the same. So, there was no need to ponder why he was here. The answer was in her actions.

 

Ulrich watched Lisbell in silence. His dry gaze, like sand in the desert, did not waver from her confused face.

 

He soon smiled subtly and entered the bedroom.

 

“Alright, then let’s meet him.”

 

Lisbell backed away as he approached. But Ulrich, with his long strides, caught her arm first.

 

Without a moment to react, she was dragged and seated somewhere. It was the vanity table that stood like a decoration in a corner of the room.

 

“Ouch…”

 

As his hands suddenly dug into her scalp, Lisbell reflexively bit her lip. Her loose ash-gray hair, now untied, gathered under his skillful hands.

 

He combed through the stray hairs and tidied the messy parts before loosening the tie around his neck.

 

Just before summer, he had often left his shirt buttons open freely. But at some point, he had started wearing ties, mostly black ones, similar to the one Lisbell had once given him as a gift. Lisbell decided not to care about him anymore.

 

Ulrich gently untied his tie and used it to tie Lisbell’s hair.

 

“It looks much better.”

 

Was it because her unruly hair was now neatly tied, or because the tie he used was his own? His ambiguous words were puzzling.

 

Lisbell’s uneasy expression was reflected in the mirror.

 

“You know where the drawing room is, right?”

 

He grabbed Lisbell’s ponytail and kissed the nape of her white neck.

 

Their eyes met in the mirror.

 

His eyes were like a blue chain. The feeling of being bound tightly, just by looking, could only be described this way.

 

It could be an unconscious manifestation. The guilt she felt toward Theodore made her feel remorse just by facing those eyes.

 

As her entanglements with Ulrich increased, the secrets she couldn’t share with Theodore weighed her down like a heavy burden. Since arriving at this villa, she had never felt light-hearted or free from worry.

 

“Please, enjoy your time with your fiancé.”

 

Leaving behind these oddly elusive words, he exited the bedroom.

 

Lisbell, left alone, still couldn’t move. Her face in the mirror looked as pale as a sheet. She sat there, unable to do anything, until the church bells tolled, filling the entire villa with their sound. Finally, she managed to get up.

 

Because Theodore was waiting.

 

As the twelfth bell rang, Lisbell arrived in front of the drawing room.

 

Standing in front of the closed door, she couldn’t describe her feelings. The drawing room was where everything had begun. She had come to apologize on behalf of her mother for a crime she hadn’t committed….

 

Lisbell closed her eyes tightly and gently placed her hand on the door. Then she slowly pushed it open.

 

The drawing room in the afternoon was filled with small rays of light. In the wavering sunlit waves, someone stood up abruptly. The simple gesture conveyed feelings of joy, surprise, longing, and tenderness.

 

No, perhaps it was her own feelings.

 

“…Lisbelli”

 

It was no wonder, for her fiancé, who had always been like a mirage, was now truly in front of her.

* * *


It was Theodore.

 

It wasn’t a dream, but the reality of him.

 

Unable to believe it, Lisbell stood by the door for a long time, unable to react. Theodore couldn’t just stand there quietly watching. As soon as the door opened and Lisbell’s face appeared, he ran over and grabbed his fiancée’s hand.

 

“Lisbell.”

 

Warmth spread from where he touched her. Despite the season, the warmth that had somehow been elusive, felt like summer. This brought her dulled senses back to life.

 

“Theo. How did you get here…?”

 

“Of course, I came to see you.”

 



 

“I couldn’t accept that one phone call telling me you wanted to postpone the wedding. So, I came to ask you directly.”

 

Theodore suggested they sit down and led Lisbell into the drawing room.

 

At the end of the hallway, the unchanged sofa from the past greeted her. The memories of what happened here came back, making her stop instinctively. Fortunately, the reaction was so slight that Theodore didn’t notice.

 

In front of Theodore was a cup of coffee, seemingly prepared for a guest. There was no steam rising from it, suggesting it had gone cold, and it looked like he hadn’t taken a single sip. This reflected Theodore’s anxious state, causing her heart to ache.

 



 



 

She never imagined such a moment would come while being with Theodore. Holding hands, sitting close enough for their knees to touch, looking into each other’s eyes but unable to speak easily, feeling the awkwardness first and foremost.

 

The atmosphere was tense, unlike a couple who had promised to marry. Lisbell didn’t know how to break the silence and looked down slightly. She stared at the back of Theodore’s hand, tightly holding hers.

 

“Lisbell, look at me.”

 

“…Okay.”

 

What will he ask first?

 

Why are you here?

 

What exactly happened suddenly?

 

What’s the exact reason for postponing the wedding?

 

There were so many questions she couldn’t guess. And it saddened her that she couldn’t guess.

 

When she first saw Theodore, she felt like she had finally woken up from a nightmare. But now, stepping out of that shattered dream, a reality where she couldn’t take a single step forward awaited her like a beast with its jaws wide open.

 

All that remained was to be swallowed up.

 

So, she wanted to turn around and run away….

 

“Did you have something to eat?”

 

Among the many expected questions, Theodore asked something completely unexpected.

 

Lisbell doubted her ears for a moment. But the next moment proved there was nothing wrong. The familiar smile on Theodore’s face and his comforting hand caressing her cheek were evidence.

 

“You seem to have lost some weight. Your complexion doesn’t look good…. Are you eating well?”

 

“Theo.”

 

“Are you sick?”

 

As the affectionate questions continued, Lisbell felt herself breaking down bit by bit. The many fears that fueled her avoidance gradually subsided, leaving only a strong yearning.

 

Yes, Theodore was this kind of person.

 

She loved him because she knew his nature and this type of kindness. No, she still loved him. His kindness, which made her lean on him whenever something tough happened, hadn’t changed despite the uncertain situation.

 

“No, Theo. I’m fine. So don’t worry.”

 

“Really?”

 

“Yes, really…”

 



 

“I’m sorry. For making you come all the way here.”

 

“You don’t need to apologize. I came on my own.”

 

Lisbell leaned into the palm caressing her cheek and closed her eyes. Something lightly touched and then left her forehead. She knew it was his lips without even seeing.

 

They were officially engaged. Despite that, Theodore’s cautious and tender behavior contrasted sharply with someone who had treated her worse than a discarded toy.

 

“Lisbell… Is there something wrong with your mother?”

 

Before coming to the drawing room, she recalled wiping her arms and legs with a towel.

 

Even covered with soft bedding, her emaciated body and deathly pale complexion, almost devoid of any warmth, made her worry if she had already stopped breathing.

 

“No matter how much I think about it, I can’t guess anything else. Lisbell, you always think and worry about your mother, no matter where you are. If there’s nothing wrong with her, then you wouldn’t be acting like this.”

 

“Theo.”

 

“Tell me. Is something wrong with your mother?”

 



 

“Even if it’s not that, if something is troubling you, don’t hide it from me and tell me.”

 

What’s troubling me?

 

It’s this villa where we’re together right now.

 

Facing you like this in this prison-like place is unbearable.

 

So many visible things are pressing and weighing me down.

 

For example, the pavilion in the garden over your shoulder, the memories of crouching in this drawing room without feeling sunlight, even the tie that feels like it’s gripping my hair….

 

Because of all that, even the time spent with Theodore couldn’t be separated from the man. And that was the very hardship Theodore was painfully curious about.

 

Theodore suddenly clasped her hands.

 

“Lisbell,” he whispered softly, his voice full of sorrow. Through her tear-blurred vision, she saw Theodore gritting his teeth.

 

“Damn it. Something did happen, didn’t it? Why are you crying? Tell me what happened. I need to know. Okay?”

 



 

“This is just my guess, but… coming to Marnia, not answering about your mother…. Is it related to that man?”

 

Theodore continuously wiped her silent tears with his palm. He didn’t realize what kind of misunderstanding he was creating, but his face grew increasingly serious.

 

“Is it? It’s related to that man, the owner of this villa, isn’t it?”

 



 

“Is it a financial issue?”

 

Lisbell involuntarily curled her shoulders. Theodore, who was fully focused on her, couldn’t miss the change. His face hardened further. Certain he was right, Theodore resolutely grabbed her shoulders.

 

“I’ll help you, Lisbell.”

 



 

“I’ll help you.”

 

“What….”

 

“I’ll find a way to raise money. Even if we have to delay the wedding, I’ll gather as much as I can. If that’s not enough… I can contact my parents in Renbruck.”

 



 

“I heard my father recently signed a new farm and supply contract. I was worried about the sudden investment amount, but the broker who introduced the farm seems to be reputable. He trusted the investment, so once the contract is done, the factory sales will increase effectively in the first half of the year. If that happens, helping you won’t be difficult.”

 



 

“Lisbell, we promised to share our future. That naturally includes situations like this. You don’t have to handle everything alone.”

 

At that moment, she could read the responsibility in his eyes. Theodore wasn’t pretending. He was sincere. He genuinely dreamt of a future with Lisbell and was extending his hand to solve the difficulties she faced.

 

The hand she always thought was like a mirage was now a reality she could grasp right in front of her.

 

Lisbell stared at it blankly.

 

She believed she should never rely on him. She didn’t want to drag Theodore into this valley of misfortune, feeling like a cutting north wind at every turn. She firmly believed that was how she protected her love.

 

But he had come, he offered to help, and he was extending his hand.

 

The days she endured in this cruel and lonely space flashed quickly. The more she counted the tough and anxious days, the harder it was to ignore his hand.

 

Should I take it?

 

If I hold this hand, can I escape this valley of misfortune that won’t let go?

 

Hope, thought to be faded and blurred, surged anew, pulsing through her body.

 

Lisbell met Theodore’s eyes. She grimaced, unable to hold back the sob rising from deep inside.

 

“I, I….”

 

Her lips were just about to open.

 

Bangi

 

A gunshot echoed through the drawing room.


The lingering echo left by the sound was extremely sharp and intense. It felt like a drill boring into the brain. It was evidenced by the figures of the two people, frozen solid. Their pupils, containing only each other, trembled as if swept away by the wind.

 

Bangi

 

A gunshot rang out again.

 

The sound was so sudden and startling that it felt as if someone had fired a gun right next to their ears. But it wasn’t so. Only now, a little late, did the sense of distance set in. The space was strictly separated. The gunshot came from outside the window.

 

“What is it…?”

 

Theodore, seemingly just as bewildered, looked towards the window with a dazed expression. Seeing him react this way confirmed that the sound indeed came from outside.

 

So this space remained unharmed, but Lisbell felt overwhelmed as if she had been struck by it.

 

A moment from the past fiercely resurfaced.

 

The savage gunfire that suddenly assaulted the senses while walking down a hallway, just like now. When she peeked outside the window, startled, there was a man aiming at a target in a textbook-perfect stance.

 

“Is someone practicing shooting?”

 



 

“Lisbell?”

 

Theodore’s voice was intermittently cut off because the gunshots still invaded this space. He squinted one eye as if the noise was bothersome. Lisbell, looking at his face, thought of just one thing.

 

After the continuous gunfire sounds, the target board seen in a flash…

 

The pitiful target board, damaged almost perfectly with only the center deeply pitted as if hit every time.

 

Cold sweat trickled down her spine. She felt another chill. The brief summer she had reclaimed was quickly ebbing away like a receding tide. The season was breaking down again.

 

Even amidst this, the continuing gunfire sounded just like Ulrich’s sneering laughter, mocking her. It felt like the sound wasn’t just tearing at her ears but at her heart as well. Recalling his trivial stories she had half-listened to in the past.

 

“Do you know the large farm in Crimpford?”

 

“It was the cotton field. It was a hot season like now, and the cotton bolls were in full bloom.”

 

The topic that used to torment her by associating it with Theodore, so much that she wanted to pass out by forcefully pushing herself to drink, now prickled her sharply for no apparent reason.

 

“Lisbell, this sound….”

 

“Theo.”

 

“What?”

 

Theodore, stretching his neck to figure out where the sound was coming from, looked back at her. Lisbell saw a peculiar seed of despair in his face.

 

“Your father, the farm he newly contracted this time… is it the large farm in Crimpford?”

 

Theodore’s eyes widened.

 

“Yes. How did you know?”

 

Ah.

 

Ah.

 

Ah….

 

The myriad of thoughts occupying her mind scattered. The gunfire, which had been ringing in her ears like tinnitus, ceased. But Lisbell still felt as if she could hear something. Thump, thump, thump. A blunt but heavier throbbing than the gunfire hammered down her entire body like an ax.

 

She realized only a moment later.

 

It was her own heartbeat.

 

Even though the space was clearly separated, making it seem like only the savage sound was transmitted, it wasn’t so. Lisbell was surely torn apart by that gunfire. Anxiety and unease surged in like a black wave through the cracks of her shattered mind.

 

My misfortune has finally transferred to my fiancé.

 

When did it start?

 

The misfortune that swallowed me was now preparing to engulf my fiancé as well.

 

A shiver ran through her entire body.

 

“…Lisbell? Lisbelli”

 

Unable to bear it, she hunched forward, clutching her head. Her fingertips brushed against the frustratingly soft material of a necktie. Lisbell yanked at it neurotically, like someone screaming silently.

 

Her ponytail, leaving a mark, messily cascaded down. She looked at the necktie in her hand in despair.

 

Staring at the black necktie stretching horizontally across her eyes, Lisbell unconsciously grabbed her neck.

 

Her cautious movements gradually turned pathological.

 

Even though nothing was hanging there, she scratched furiously at her white skin until red drops of blood appeared. She was picking at her skin so much that flesh clung to her nails, but the panic splitting her mind was so dominant that she didn’t have time to feel the pain of her skin tearing.

 

“Ah….”

 

Then realization hit her in an instant.

 

It wasn’t just about the money.

 

Even if that were resolved, everything couldn’t be undone as if it never happened.

 

He meant for me to come to him willingly.

 

By betraying the trust with my dear fiancé and going to him directly.

 

Lisbell had already committed the act of betraying this relationship. She had done it. There was even an excuse. She did it to save her mother. She thought she had no choice at the time.

 

And that incident had very clearly turned into her weakness. The leash of this secret was in Ulrich’s hands. That’s why she kept feeling something was tied around her neck.

 

“Ha….”

 

“Lisbell? Are you alright?”

 

“Haha….”

 

A hollow laugh slipped out.

 

“Why? Are you in pain? Is it your head? Does your head hurt?”

 

She no longer felt any warmth from her fiancé’s careful touch. No warmth at all; even if she were at the bottom of a cold ocean, it wouldn’t be as chilling as this. The uncontrollable cold surged as if she had become a living ice block.

 

The trap that had taken her as its prey was silently laid at her feet.

 

As intricate as a spider’s web, as precise as a chessboard….

 

Her foolish self had stepped into it willingly, unaware, step by step. She didn’t even realize it when it was finally wrapped around her neck.

 

Going forward was checkmate, going backward was checkmate.

 

In chess, this was called a mate.

 

Yes, I’m exactly in that state now….

 

In a disheveled state, Lisbell stared blankly into space. Even in this moment, Theodore’s tender hand, with no fault to find, caressed her cheek as he called her name soothingly, “Lisbell,” and brushed back her tousled hair.

 

Feeling his touch silently, Lisbell slowly turned her head.

 

“Theo.”

 

“I’m listening. Tell me.”

 

“…Will you break off the engagement?”

 

The tender hand that had been stroking her sideburns as if prepared to accept anything froze. Lisbell, if she could, wanted to lean her cheek against that palm once more. But she couldn’t anymore. She realized too painfully that she couldn’t anymore.

 

“Now….”

 

“I asked you to break off our engagement.”

 



 

“Let’s break up, Theo.”

 

Holding onto Theodore any longer wasn’t love but obstinacy. As someone who loved him, she couldn’t commit such an ugly selfish act. It was clear that the path ahead couldn’t be a bed of roses, at least not for him, now that she had understood the underlying issues.

 

So this was the right thing to do.

 

It should have been like this from the beginning.

 

Driven by the desire to keep at least one thing within reach, she had done something she shouldn’t have. If she couldn’t correct it now, at least Theodore should be freed from this shadow.

 

She didn’t want to imagine the moment when the swamp holding her down would swallow even his ankles. So the answer was clear.

 

“What are you saying?”

 



 

“Why, why does it have to end like this? Just a moment ago….”

 

Holding her shoulders gently but firmly, Theodore, his face hardening, opened his eyes wide.

 

“You’re doing this on purpose, aren’t you?”

 



 

“You’re saying this because you don’t want to cause me any harm, aren’t you? You don’t mean it, right?”

 

His attitude was unusually earnest, and perhaps he was right; it contained a strong denial. A denial driven by his desperate belief that they couldn’t end like this, that she felt the same way.

 

And it wasn’t just words. His wavering eyes, the way he clasped his hands over hers on her lap, everything expressed his blind desire to confirm the solidity of their relationship.

 

“Theo….”

 

“Say it isn’t true.”

 



 

“Say it was a slip of the tongue.”

 



 

“Lisbell, it’s alright. I told you just a moment ago. You don’t have to feel guilty. It’s all on me. It’s my choice, my decision. So you shouldn’t feel any burden….”

 

This was the second time.

 

Facing a situation where she had no choice but to make a foolish decision, knowing it was wrong.

 

“I don’t love you anymore.”

 



 

“That’s why, Theo.”


Theodore was frozen in place. The news must have been that shocking.

 

In contrast, Lisbell remained calm. For the first time, she realized how easy it was to lie. By simply stripping away her emotions and reciting plausible words that came to mind, it wasn’t that difficult. Above all, she believed this was the best path for Theodore.

 

Now that she had realized this was the best course of action.

 

“You don’t love me…?”

 

His eyes, which had been turbulent, soon regained focus.

 

“Don’t lie.”

 

“It’s not a lie.”

 

“No, it is a lie.”

 



 

“I know you. Have I only known you for a year? As much as you’ve seen me, I’ve seen you too, Lisbell.”

 

Lisbell turned her head to avoid his gaze. Then Theodore got off the sofa and knelt down in front of her, trying to look into her face. She wanted to avoid it, but knowing that avoiding it more would only increase his suspicion, Lisbell remained still as if she were a stone.

 

Theodore scrutinized her small face deeply and closely.

 

“…Why?”

 



 

“Why are you saying such things…?”

 

“They say there are no reasons when love begins.”

 



 

“I think it’s the same when it ends.”

 

Trying to appear as if she had made a difficult decision, Lisbell brushed her face once.

 

“I was confused too, facing this right before the wedding, so I needed some quiet time to think. But seeing you come all the way here… I now have an unshakable certainty. I don’t feel any excitement when I see you anymore.”

 

“Lies.”

 

“It’s not a lie.”

 

“Lies…”

 

His resolute consciousness began to waver.

 

Believing that Lisbell had no reason to hide such things from him, the cruel excuse she presented seemed to validate all her actions.

 

The sudden departure, the rude notification to delay the wedding via phone, and the awkward behavior when they finally met here…

 

“I know this shouldn’t have been avoided in this way. But the time we spent together was precious to me too. That’s why I was scared and afraid of the moment when I would have to tell you this…”

 

Lisbell drove the nail into his collapse.

 



 

Theodore finally looked speechless. The grip on Lisbell’s hand, which he held as if it were a lifeline, had weakened considerably. Lisbell quietly looked down at his hand, which had always felt reassuring. It seemed like she was trying to capture the warmth she would never feel again.

 

“…Then what about your mother?”

 



 

“There must be something wrong with her. I’m sorry, Lisbell, but I can’t help but think that your sudden change is because of her.”

 

“My mother is perfectly fine. Theo, she’s as healthy as ever, your worries were for nothing.”

 

“Then why did you come to Marnia?”

 



 

“You said you needed time to think? But why did it have to be here? Isn’t it because your mother is here? And wasn’t it because something happened to her? If nothing’s wrong with her, then why, why did you pack up and come here all of a sudden? Why here…”

 

His voice had grown slightly harsh. It was a sign that his denial was fading and a faint disappointment that the story might be true was beginning to settle in. Negative emotions always tend to spread quickly. The small bud of pessimism in Theodore would surely follow that trend.

 

“No way…”

 



 

“Then did you come to see that man?”

 

His misunderstanding was clear. Lisbell didn’t respond. She knew it was time to nurture his misunderstanding, not correct it.

 

Saying it wasn’t true would only nullify all the effort she had put into uttering each painful word.

 

She couldn’t say it twice. If she did, she would end up pathetically begging him not to leave her, confessing it was all a lie.

 

So she endured it. Misunderstanding her relationship with Ulrich in that way was excruciatingly painful, but if it was the way to save Theodore, she had to endure it.

 

“No, right?”

 



 

“Say no, Lisbell.”

 



 

“Please, just say no…”

 

The shock and fear that his fiancée might have another man just before their wedding finally broke Theodore down.

 

Lisbell couldn’t bear to look at him resting his face on her knee. Even so, she could tell he was crying. She felt the hem of her skirt getting wet where his face touched it.

 

The traces of tears gathering like puddles in this place, where it didn’t rain, felt like tears he was shedding for her.

 

The simple and kind-hearted Theodore Motier.

 

“I wish you always happiness.”

 

This is sincere…

 

Swallowing back the words she couldn’t bring herself to say, Lisbell looked out the window. Her eyes, reflecting the slightly subdued sunlight, grew as dull as those of a living corpse.

 



 

She didn’t see Theodore off as he left.

 

She just sat silently in the drawing room for as long as it would take for him to leave the villa and go far away.

 

The shadows of the afternoon, now more sharply angled, cast a shape that seemed to cut at her feet. She stared blankly into space as if unable to escape from those shadows.

 

What is this feeling?

 

What is this strangely calm feeling?

 

Even though she wanted to hold onto him and believed she had no hope otherwise, had she been mentally preparing herself for the moment they would part?

 

Oh, is it resignation?

 

Yes, this feeling of a desolate heart with no will left must be resignation. It was a new emotion to her, and though fascinating, it wasn’t welcoming.

 

Lisbell, who had been as silent as a pillar for a long time, finally stood up quietly. Leaving the drawing room, she headed to her mother’s bedroom to return to her routine.

 

Her mother looked exactly the same as before she had left.

 

What would Theodore have done if he had seen her mother like this?

 

He would have hugged her tightly right away.

 

And he would have said something like this:

 

“You’ve been suffering alone, haven’t you?”

 

“Why didn’t you tell me?”

 

“Lisbell, don’t try to bear it all alone.”

 

“I’m here with you.”

 

Just imagining it made it seem like his voice was really there. It was because she had heard those words before. It was the comfort he had given her every time she was struggling, the comfort she trusted and followed.

 

The more she reminisced about him, the more she felt she had made the right decision.

 

While sitting silently in the drawing room, Lisbell had envisioned the future with Theodore as if recalling an unfulfilled dream.

 

The imagination started from the point where she told him the truth.

 

Theodore would probably have run around tirelessly to solve the financial problems, just as he had said. She might have helped him, and the problem could have been resolved more smoothly than expected.

 

The real problem would come afterward.

 

Ulrich, who found her amusing to play with, would use the farm contract as leverage to threaten Theodore’s family. That would bring chaos far beyond the current financial issues. It was about the survival of the factory that his father had built.

 

After resolving that, Ulrich would directly pull the invisible leash he had placed around her neck. He would force her to confess that she had betrayed Theodore and was humiliated under Ulrich.

 

Ironically, the scariest part of her imagination was here.

 

Lisbell’s fear lay there.

 

External pressures and threats could be overcome together. But if distrust was sown from within, breaking their trust and faith in each other, the end would be unpredictable.

 

If that truth was exposed and Theodore abandoned her because of it, she wouldn’t be able to bear it. That fear and horror drove her to let him go first. It was cowardly avoidance, but still, but still…

 

Lisbell imagined the end with him breaking multiple times. Repeating it until Theodore left the villa, she endured it in the same place.

 

If she hadn’t done that, she would have chased after him, telling him not to cry and caressing his cheek.


Lisbell sat down in the chair and opened a book.

 

She calmly resumed reading from where she left off. Her voice flowed smoothly through the first and second lines but faltered on the third. The quiet sound was swallowed by the stillness of the bedroom.

 

After a brief silence, Lisbell started reading again from that part. Yet again, she stumbled. Trying to pretend nothing was wrong, she resumed speaking but soon faltered again.

 



 

Taking her eyes off the book, she looked at her mother’s hand, neatly placed on the blanket. She closed the book, set it down, and stood up to grasp it. Even though she knew it was too frail for her to hold, she couldn’t endure without doing so.

 

“Mother.”

 

No answer came back.

 

She felt disappointed despite not expecting a response.

 

“Did I make the right decision?”

 

It didn’t matter if it wasn’t her mother. She wanted to hear an answer from anyone.

 

“Please, tell me I did.”

 

That I didn’t make the wrong decision.

 

“Please….”

 

Tell me that this regret I’m feeling now is misplaced.

 

Holding her mother’s hand, she sank to the floor and lowered her head. The tears she had held back in front of Theodore now streamed down uncontrollably.

 

Regret always came too late, hitting her with an overwhelming force. Lisbell couldn’t resist it and was buried in it.

 

After crying until her knees on the floor were damp, dizziness washed over her. She leaned her dizzy head against the bed and then slowly stood up.

 

She didn’t want to show such a miserable sight by her mother’s side, not knowing when she might wake up. If her mother, encouraged by her hope, were to wake and see her daughter’s face like this, it would break her heart.

 

Rationalizing that she needed to take a break from caregiving for the day, Lisbell tidied up.

 

In that short time, her swollen eyelids stung every time she blinked. This made her think of Theodore. He must have cried just as much. No, probably even more. His eyes must have stung terribly…. Lisbell bit her lip at the thought that made her heart ache.

 

Today, she wanted to hide in a corner where no one could see her. She wanted to lie in bed, pull the blanket over her head, and sleep as if tomorrow would never come. With such gloomy thoughts, she left the bedroom.

 

She was heading down the hallway to her room when a slightly open bedroom door caught her attention. What drew her attention was not the now familiar interior design or the overwhelming furnishings.

 



 

There was a drink table, as always. A sleek liquor bottle was on it. The type of liquor often changed, apparently according to Ulrich’s taste, but what she saw now was the same one Ulrich had drunk a few days ago.

 

The reason Lisbell noticed it, despite her preoccupied mind, was simple. She remembered the strange exhilaration from that day, when just one glass made her feel as if her brain was relaxing and her body melting away. The taste was awful, but the effect was remarkable.

 

What she needed now was not something else but that effect to escape this oppressive regret.

 

When the thought crossed her mind, her feet had already crossed the bedroom threshold.

 



 

“All duds, as expected.”

 

Ulrich took off his leather gloves, disliking the strong smell of gunpowder, and made a dissatisfied face. Victor, who had been standing a bit further away, approached with an expected look and nodded.

 

While Victor tidied up the firearms, Ulrich turned his head and gazed into the distance, seemingly looking at a specific place at the villa entrance, although it was unclear exactly where.

 

Victor signaled the household staff, who had come out to wait, to tidy up and quickly followed Ulrich.

 

“I’ve sent out the invitations as per the list you provided last time. Once the trial operation is over, we plan to hold the opening ceremony. We’ll prepare the reception party in three parts, similar to the opening of Hotel No. 1.”

 

“Yes, do that.”

 

“I’ve also drafted a speech, but it would be good for you to review it. After all, you’ll be delivering it.”

 

Ulrich’s shoulders slightly rose and fell as he walked ahead. Though Victor could only see his back, he could vividly imagine the sigh on Ulrich’s face.

 

“So, the day has finally come to go to the capital.”

 

“Please endure it for just a few days.”

 

“Just make sure neither Mother nor Gwen gets anywhere near me.”

 

How can they not come, given it’s a family-run business….

 

The thought was obvious, but Victor kept it to himself, knowing Ulrich would loathe it. Getting Ulrich to the capital hotel for the opening ceremony was essential from his standpoint.

 

Having finished all the business matters, it was now time to address personal concerns. Victor put down the notebook he had been holding.

 

“Just to be cautious… have you been taking your medicine, sir?”

 

“Medicine?”

 

“Or administering it.”

 

Ulrich, walking ahead, paused momentarily before realizing Victor’s intent and let out a short laugh.

 

“Neither.”

 

The assistant was referring to the measures to prevent a child from being conceived through his affairs with Lisbell. Ulrich thought Victor was exceptionally meticulous. It was indeed a fundamental part of the education for anyone stepping into this family business.

 

“I don’t finish inside anyway.”

 

It was quite uncomfortable having to listen to such personal matters, but thanks to past experience, Victor had developed the resilience not to flinch.

 

“One can never be too careful.”

 

“Indeed.”

 

“It’s an issue that can’t be taken too lightly.”

 

Absolutely.

 

In high society, where bloodline succession was crucial, the issue of heirs was always a hot topic. It could be a result of tender love or a product of terrible infidelity. Such stories would fuel the scandals that would brighten up Laurent’s social season more than spring flowers.

 

This issue’s magnitude was even greater in larger, more prestigious families. The Altahart family, with their historically poor sense of propriety, had faced this problem numerous times.

 

Blood could be a powerful bond, a weapon, and a form of power in the face of a prestigious name.

 

According to the ancestors’ rule that only those bearing the family blood could inherit the name and the business rights, a wrongly conceived child could potentially consume the entire family.

 

Therefore, Ulrich did not welcome the idea of children.

 

He didn’t want to bear the risk of producing a child just for a night’s pleasure. He didn’t want to create a life from a brief moment of sweetness if it meant bearing that much risk and responsibility.

 

Victor had developed a tolerance for Ulrich’s personal life because he had handled such matters many times. When Ulrich had a regular female companion, Victor would ensure she took contraceptives, and if she seemed particularly untrustworthy, he would recommend Ulrich to take them. They both agreed that a child shouldn’t be conceived carelessly, and Ulrich never resisted taking the medication.

 

“By the way, is that kid still at the main house?”

 

Victor nodded, understanding who Ulrich meant.

 

“Yes, he is.”

 

“How’s he doing?”

 

“Well….”

 

Even a polite response of “well” didn’t come easily. Ulrich, expecting this, let out a resigned chuckle.

 

“Gwen Altahart, of course.”

 



 

“Taking in an illegitimate child and then getting involved with another one… utterly irresponsible.”

 

Victor had some bad news about Gwen. However, it was a sensitive issue that the family was strictly controlling, so even he had to be cautious. Ulrich would find out when he went to the capital anyway.

 

There was no need to bring forward something that would soon cause a headache. Victor decided to keep quiet.

 

“Well, luck might have prevented a child so far, but there’s no guarantee for the future.”

 



 

“From now on, mix the medicine into Lisbell’s meals.”

 

I don’t want a child.

 

That was the implication in his brief order.


“More importantly, the guest?” 

 

Ulrich casually asked as he opened the door to the office they had arrived at. Victor followed behind and closed the door. He glanced towards the office window.

 

“He has left.”

 

“And the send-off?”

 

“As per your instructions, I had a driver ready to take him to the station, but he declined and left the villa alone. The driver said he looked like he was about to cry.”

 

Ulrich, who was about to light a cigarette as he sat down, paused in thought and then quietly laughed.

 

“What is Lisbell doing?”

 

“I heard she is in the drawing room.”

 

“Still?”

 

“Yes.”

 

His smile deepened.

 

“One side is propping up a pitiful pride, while the other is just sitting there without even seeing him off…”

 

Just by their attitudes, the situation was clear. Ulrich, humming contentedly, shuffled through the papers. Victor, watching him, quietly clicked his tongue. He recalled some of the absurd instructions he had silently followed as Ulrich’s secretary.

 

Bribing the Marnia police to send letters about a non-existent incident, investigating an unrelated factory owner in another city, or suddenly driving off to Misley in the east and then returning…

 

He now knew well that a woman was at the end of all those paths.

 

Lisbell Osborne.

 

The daughter of Mrs. Osborne, who once managed this villa, and now, essentially Ulrich’s mistress. He didn’t know when it started, but she had firmly caught Ulrich Altahart’s interest.

 

No matter how many times he thought about it, it was pitiful. How did she catch this madman’s attention? What strange thing had she done?

 

Then his thoughts shifted.

 

No.

 

She might not have done anything peculiar. One must not overlook the fact that this boss was crazy. Madmen are unpredictable because they get hooked on strange points. If he had been capable of rational thought, he would have long been repulsed by the Altahart name and left it.

 

Ulrich seemed to consider himself one of the more normal members of his family, but Victor saw it differently. Based on the obstinacy and persistence he showed in incidents, he was the most extreme among his family.

 

Knowing when to give up was also a skill. But Ulrich couldn’t accept that.

 

He was the type to keep going until he succeeded. He would use everything he had to achieve his goal, even if it meant breaking someone’s spirit. And he felt no guilt about it.

 

That was the essence and dark side of Altahart that no one could deny. Ulrich too, despite his noble name, hid a vile nature underneath.

 

“Then I’ll adjust the schedule to match the hotel opening date. Since you’ll be in the capital, I’ll arrange for you to handle all matters requiring your attention at once.”

 

“Don’t report to the mansion yet.”

 

Despite his hatred for other Altaharts, Victor silently bowed.

 

After his secretary left, Ulrich worked for a while. After reviewing and clearing the piled-up documents, he found that night had fallen. He looked at the darkening sky, then stood up quietly.

 

“I heard she is in the drawing room.”

 

Is she still there?

 

He headed towards the drawing room. The sound of his footsteps echoed in the wide, silent hallway. The night breeze, passing through the occasionally open windows, felt pleasant.

 

“The driver said he looked like he was about to cry.”

 

Ulrich’s smile deepened. He brushed his hair back in the soft breeze. He felt a thrill from the idea that Lisbell and he had shared a thought at that moment.

 

He soon reached the drawing room and opened the door. It was quiet inside. After confirming no one was there, he was about to leave.

 

But something caught his eye.

 



 

Ulrich approached the sofa. A piece of black cloth stuck out. It was a necktie, thrown carelessly. He was the only one in this villa who owned something like that.

 

He quickly deduced its origin. It was likely the tie he had used to tie her hair when she went to meet her fiancé.

 

If it’s here…

 

“Ha.”

 

So, she wasn’t just being prideful.

 

Ulrich picked up the tie, which seemed about to fall off the sofa. A gray hair was tangled at the end, as if it had been forcefully pulled out.

 

He stared at the thin strand.

 

He remembered the taste of her tears he had once licked. He wondered if it would taste the same here, but he didn’t bring it to his lips. If he were to taste it, he’d prefer it fresh from her rather than this discarded state.

 

After staring at the hair for a while, he let it float away lightly and left the drawing room with the tie in hand.

 

He quickly guessed where she might be. Even in such an infuriating situation, she wouldn’t abandon her duty to stay by her mother’s side. Her actions were always predictable.

 

What amazed him was himself.

 

Despite hating boredom, he didn’t find this predictable process tedious.

 

He didn’t know if this change was good or bad, but it wasn’t unpleasant. Ulrich hummed softly as he crossed the corridor.

 

The sky had turned a clean, dark black.

 

Under the particularly dark night sky, Ulrich reached the bedroom he had visited earlier that morning.

 

Knock, knock.

 

Knowing no one would answer, he opened the door immediately. It was quiet inside. But he couldn’t conclude she wasn’t there. Lisbell always sat like a wax doll, barely noticeable.

 



 

So he believed he would see her sitting quietly.

 

…She’s not here?

 

The room was empty.

 

Only the cold, dying figure on the bed was there. It was so unexpected that Ulrich looked around, still holding the doorknob.

 

But no matter how much he looked, he couldn’t find her.

 

Strangely, an unseen tension suddenly gripped his mind.

 

Even realizing she wasn’t there, he stepped into the bedroom. It was close to a malfunction, his assumption shattering.

 

Ulrich approached the bed, moving his tongue slowly. Mrs. Osborne slept like the dead, with the same face as yesterday and the day before.

 

Ulrich, arms crossed, leaned and looked down at her static face.

 

Then his gaze shifted.

 

Wind blew in through a slightly open window. The dark air felt thick under the sky that would soon hold the Milky Way.

 

Ulrich straightened up slowly.

 

The wind, once refreshing, now felt stifling. This was because an unthinkable assumption had emerged.

 

Did she leave her mother behind?

 

With her overly kind nature?

 

Impossible.

 

Even as he thought that, Ulrich quickly left the bedroom.

 

Given the driver’s report of Theodore looking like he was about to cry, and Lisbell’s refusal to see him off, it was clear. Today, Lisbell must have broken off the engagement. All signs pointed to it. It must have been a seismic shift in her life.

 

What if, in such a state, she momentarily lost her mind and decided to abandon her mother to escape?

 

Even thinking it unlikely, Ulrich’s steps quickened as he headed to her bedroom.


Still walking gracefully, it was a posture that anyone who knew him well would notice the distinct difference in an instant. Ulrich arrived at Lisbell’s bedroom without taking a single breath.

 

This time, he skipped knocking and abruptly flung the door open.

 

The interior was dim, barely recognizable. The curtains, which might have been drawn since the previous night or earlier, had not been pulled back, making the room feel eerily cold and silent.

 

Ulrich’s eyebrows twitched slightly.

 

In the desolate atmosphere, there was a faint smell of alcohol.

 

Ulrich quietly walked toward the bed. The first thing he saw was her disheveled hand. Then, he saw her back as she lay on her knees on the floor, leaning against the bed, asleep. Next to her feet lay a bottle of whiskey.

 

It was the whiskey he recently enjoyed.

 

Now he understood why she had been absent from the spot she usually occupied daily to take care of him.

 

Ulrich nudged the empty bottle with the toe of his shoe and looked down. Her sleeping posture, sprawled out without moving, was quite a sight.

 

He lifted his head slightly.

 

Even though it was his first time in Lisbell’s bedroom today, it unmistakably felt like her space despite being under his ownership. Slightly cluttered items and signs of use were noticeable.

 

The live-in staff diligently cleaned and maintained the villa daily, including his bedroom. It was the same kind of work that Mrs. Osborne did before she collapsed.

 

But Ulrich had instructed them not to touch this room. He didn’t want anyone else’s gaze or hands intruding on Lisbell’s domain. More precisely, he wanted to be the only one to touch it. He wanted to enjoy her pure essence untouched by anyone else.

 

And this space was the very presence of the living Lisbell.

 

Ulrich didn’t find the seemingly messy interior particularly unpleasant and bent his knees to sit.

 

“…Ah, it’s wrinkled.”

 

Holding it in his hand all the way here had crumpled his tie.

 

As he looked at it, he firmly grabbed Lisbell’s hair as she slept, lying face down. He didn’t hold back, and as he pulled, she let out a small groan, “Ugh…”

 

Daring to loosen it without permission.

 

Ulrich stroked her fine hair that slipped through his fingers. He never thought a day would come when he’d be so concerned with someone’s hair. The thin strands seemed like they could tear at any moment, but surprisingly, they were tough. It reminded him of her persistence.

 

Nonetheless, Lisbell’s gray hair clung to his fingers without tearing, feeling like a very thin whip. The more he toyed with it, the stranger he felt. Touching it with one hand, he realized the sensation was enough to bring him to climax if he pulled out his cock from his pants with the other.

 

He hadn’t planned on it, but once he became conscious of it, blood rushed to his lower body, swelling it tightly. Just as he wondered if he should go through with it, Lisbell turned her head, murmuring, 

 

“Mmm…”

 

Her thin hair slid smoothly through his fingers.

 

Ulrich stared at his empty hand momentarily before slowly loosening his tie. He slipped it over Lisbell’s head and placed his arm under her bent knees.

 

When he lifted her onto the bed, she tilted her head back, her moist lips slightly parting. Ulrich brought his face close to hers. The strong scent of alcohol in her breath was evident. The whiskey bottle, nearly empty, provided proof of where it had all gone.

 

Kneeling on one knee on the bed, Ulrich tightened the tie he had placed around her neck. As the space gradually closed, it soon fit snugly around her neck.

 

“…Cough.”

 

The tie tightened like a cord around her neck, causing Lisbell to instinctively gasp for breath, curling her fingers. Ulrich watched her struggle indifferently before gradually releasing his grip.

 

As he pulled the tie knot in the opposite direction, a faint mark appeared on her neck. The vague discomfort he felt on his way here dissipated somewhat.

 

Switching his gaze between his still-swollen groin and Lisbell’s pale face, Ulrich straightened up.

 

He hesitated briefly, remembering that he didn’t particularly enjoy the feeling of holding a drunken woman and having sex as if he were the only one indulging in lewdness.

 

His hand, which had been brushing against the tie’s wide end, was about to retreat into the air.

 

“Mm…”

 

Then, Lisbell trembled and opened her eyes, which had been closed all this time.

 

Her pale purple eyes, slightly clouded with tears, searched the void meaninglessly before slowly focusing on the man occupying part of her vision. Ulrich reached out to close her eyes, which were clearly drunk.

 

“…Theo?”

 

But unexpectedly, his arm was grabbed.

 

Lisbell, with a voice that sounded like she had cried a lot, called out.

 

“Theo, is that you?”

 

Her pronunciation was more slurred than usual. Ulrich easily allowed himself to be pulled closer by the hand gripping his arm.

 

To be precise, it was the first time Lisbell had held onto him like this, so he was slightly bewildered and let himself be pulled.

 

“Don’t go.”

 



 

“Don’t go, Theo…”

 

Clinging to his arm with desperate hope, Lisbell mumbled, rubbing her face against it. Witnessing this, Ulrich quickly concluded.

 

She’s drunk.

 

Indeed, having drunk such a strong liquor on an empty stomach, it was impossible to avoid getting thoroughly drunk.

 

Nevertheless, seeing Lisbell, who usually stayed calm and barely smiled in front of him, clinging like this was quite novel. So, Ulrich remained still, allowing her to pull him further until he was practically lying on top of her.

 



 

Ulrich’s eyes gleamed softly in the darkness.

 

Even her lips, which occasionally pressed against his, carried the remnants of the intoxication lingering in the room. As he remained motionless, Lisbell, seeming to take his stillness as a sign, lifted her head and pressed her lips more firmly against his.

 

“Mm…”

 

The soft moan leaking between her slightly parted lips was different from what he usually heard from her, more sensual. He found it amusing and slightly smiled, causing Lisbell to think he had given her permission and to gently suck on his slightly parted lips.

 

Ulrich maintained his half-bent posture, supporting himself with one hand on the bed. His dark gray eyes, gleaming in the darkness, were unusually calm for a man engaged in a kiss.

 

Mistaking him for her fiancé, whom she had tearfully sent away earlier, Lisbell kissed him, believing it was Theodore.

 

“Did you always kiss like this?”

 

He criticized the lukewarm kiss, with her timidly sucking on the surface of his lips. Every time he thrust his tongue deep into her mouth, she trembled like a rabbit caught by the tail, and now he understood why. If this was how she kissed her fiancé, it made sense.

 

“Even a child would do better than this.”

 



 

“I wonder if you even had a proper first night.”

 

His low voice murmured ambiguously, making Lisbell, thinking he was interrupting her kiss, let out a soft “Mm…?” with a drawn-out moan.

 

Ulrich gently pressed her slender chin with his fingers.

 

Even in a room where it was difficult to find a single ray of light, the soft movement of her lips was visible and felt smooth. Whenever he approached her, it always felt like she reluctantly complied, but if this was how she kissed her fiancé, it made sense.

 

Ulrich smirked but felt a strange chill in the back of his mind.

 

He released her chin and lowered his head again to kiss her. This time, Lisbell, though hesitant, gradually wrapped her arms around his neck.

 

The seductive behavior, like the scent of strong flowers in spring, made Ulrich feel uncomfortable below.

 

Despite the overpowering scent of intoxication from her, there was something tantalizing about it. It was as if she knew how to stir a man’s desires with her charm.


---

continue in part 2
